Data Protection Policy
By interacting with us, submitting information to use, or signing up for any services offered by us, you agree and consent to Pyan Pay Mal App.
In this Policy, “Personal Data” refers to any data, whether true or not, about an individual who can be identified (a) from that data; or (b) from that data and other information to which we have or are likely to have access, including data in our records.
Examples of such Personal Data you may provide to us include your Name, NRC, passport or other identification number, age or birth date, mobile number(s), telephone number(s), facsimile number(s), mailing address, email address, network data and any other information relating to any individuals which you have provided us via our interaction with you.
You agree to provide true, accurate, current, and complete information when registering with the App. It is your responsibility to maintain and promptly update this account information to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete. If you provide any information that is fraudulent, untrue, inaccurate, incomplete, or not current, or we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is fraudulent, untrue, inaccurate, incomplete, or not current, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account without notice and to refuse any and all current and future use of the App.

Content:
All content included on the App including without limitation, text, software, photos, graphics, software, images, and the arrangement thereof (collectively, the “Content”), is the property of us and/or its content licensors and protected under Myanmar and international copyright laws. Certain of the names, logos, and other materials displayed in the Site constitute trademarks, trade names, service marks or logos (the “Marks”) of us or other entities. You are not authorized to use any such Marks. Ownership of all such Marks and the goodwill associated therewith remains with us or those other entities. Except as otherwise noted on the App, you are hereby authorized to view, download, cache, copy, and print the Content solely for your personal use and not for resale or further distribution. Any other use, including the reproduction, distribution, modification, transmission, display, or republication of the Content is strictly prohibited.
